the next stop is on the radar radio
stand clear of the closing doors please
[Music]
yes sir maybe on the radar radio
freestyles yo Drake and said you'll see
in the building I'ma step out they both
gonna step in and body design let's go
[Music]
yeah
on the radar 2023
6god and ambroski 2C
know what it is
[Music]
so Magnus
and Badness combination
[Music]
yeah
hey
I'm on inside got no stick it all right
if I take flicks with it guys I gotta
put emojis over like three faces cause
effects can't see those eyes people I
shouldn't be beside when I was a hacker
they would go Stratford just to sell
food on Bieber's side 20 reasons why I'm
this way my girl that's just one reason
why I seen you around that Soul throwing
up man baby love awesome idiot guys
obedient guys Jokers and comedian guys
you know I'm like six foot two and I
write true love but you love also medium
guys I want to keep you on a beach till
6am so you see Sunrise seeing you from
the stage in the 100s these must be
eagle eyes pressing against me thinking
about entry no you could tell it's a
decent size
[Music]
you know that's how Jesus died you know
that's how Julius Caesar died I bet they
were decent guys I swear they remind me
of me sometimes I'm trying to be under
your breasts like peas and rice you
never get treated nice fool you once
that's fine but you look dumb if you let
them repeat it twice 200 mil on the
table I hope I'm able to get this
agreement signed told you I needed time
but really the truth is I don't believe
in time feel like I've been here over a
thousand years like since the medieval
times and I'm still just a Cutthroat
King even though this is recent times a
man my dad that would be beefing with
but we don't do grieving time
teasing time if I come inside just
breathing time so much for Idols kmt
with that High Roll knew that I made it
when I had drivers holding my last name
up in arrivals since my knee vaccine
when they see how this vids are going
viral if leaders dead in the Masters
there with greens in there like silos
the morning rain clouds up my window I
swear I feel like Dido j-a-u-m how it
looks when man put you in a jam like
typos negotiation asset for twenty
percent of the company that's my final
realistic to my M15 like I'm going
through Tottenham high road if it's beef
I'll get that shade for bread and grease
like I'm making Gyros or I'm making
ghettos so much for all these Heroes the
numbers are good with me as long as it's
common and zero zero zero zero zero zero
zero pass me a glass of Vino if a girl
try to take my Rolex to buy some
Valentino I'll tell baby em what she did
to the kid that eyeliner like emo she
didn't rock my clothing line when we had
one shirt to go with the jeans though
y'all man like me and Clint can afford
those with like Gran Torino go to
crocodile tissue and even crying why you
swearing too good you don't even believe
in Christ what are you saying we're all
here for you ain't been on YouTube
now you wish that you stayed with your
previous guy it used to be 3.5s no I can
sell all the O2 Arena twice don't ask
for the fee looks like don't believe all
the media hype like 80 percent of these
people lying who's gonna ask when I need
advice I gotta work or this meme
provides emo wipes for the future look
what goes up must come down so when
you're in
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
my target
Soul drivers stay in a whip while I jump
out quit my pocket I can lean out of the
window and horny I'm on the same play as
the players are shoulder big fish in
this thing no Amazon
drop me in a jungle treat her three star
swinging like thousand 24 inch on the
rims on the Benz I'm doing donuts and
skidding on tarmac sick of these
high-rise buildings flip the script now
I'm living on farmland
[Music]
all right
all right
[Music]
thank you